docs: how does it work (#60)
Open-Attestation/documentation-website: website/docs/how-does-it-work/introduction.md

---
title: Introduction
sidebar_label: Introduction
---

To fully understand how OpenAttestation works, you need to dig into the different properties the framework provides to your documents:

- [Document integrity](/docs/how-does-it-work/document-integrity): OpenAttestation ensures that the content of the document has not been modified since the document has been created, with exception of data removed using the built-in obfuscation mechanism.
- [Issuance Status](/docs/how-does-it-work/issuance-status): OpenAttestation checks that the document has been issued and that it's issuance status is in good standing (for instance, that it hasn't been revoked). As of today, OpenAttestation supports two ways to issue documents: DID and Ethereum Smart Contracts.

> - [Issuance Identity](/docs/how-does-it-work/issuance-identity): OpenAttestation checks and returns the identity of the issuer. By default, OpenAttestation uses DNS to verify the identity but DID can be used optionally. It's important to note that OpenAttestation does not endorse any issuers. It only verifies that the issuer is who it claims to be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Issuance Identity](/docs/how-does-it-work/issuance-identity): OpenAttestation checks and returns the identity of the issuer. By default, OpenAttestation uses DNS to verify the identity but DID can be used optionally. It's important to note that OpenAttestation does not endorse any issuers. It only verifies that the issuing party in the document has provided some sort of proof that it is the same party as claimed - for example, proving ownership over a domain by the ability to create a DNS record.
```
